= messagepub

* Website: http://messagepub.com

== DESCRIPTION:

* MessagePub is a dead-simple messaging API that you can start using for your applications in less than 5 minutes.


* Register for an API Key at http://messagepub.com


* Support for the following platforms: Twitter, Google Chat, AIM, Email, Phone, and SMS.


* Reach out to one person in multiple ways.


* Helper libraries in multiple languages.


* Schedule a message to be delivered in the future.


* Set up an escalation schedule.


* For more documentation on MessagePub, go to http://messagepub.com/documentation


== FEATURES:

You can currently do the following with the MessagePub gem:
* List notifications on your account.
* Get a notification from your account.
* Create a new notification.
* Get all replies from your account.

== SYNOPSIS:

# Get latest notifications from your account

client = MessagePub::Client.new('YOURAPIKEY')

notifications = client.notifications

# Get the notification with id = 1

notification = client.notification(1)

# Get all the replies from your account

replies = notification.replies

# Create a new notification

n = MessagePub::Notification.new(:body => 'your message goes here', :escalation => 20)

n.add_recipient(MessagePub::Recipient.new(:position => 1, :channel => 'twitter', :address => 'sharememeinc'))

n.add_recipient(MessagePub::Recipient.new(:position => 2, :channel => 'sms', :address => '9998887777'))

client.create!(n)


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Only one dependency: httparty

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install messagepub

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Luc Castera

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
